MM-23367 Add docs about test metadata on Cypress spec files (#581)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/webapp/end-to-end-tests.md

1. The [recommended practice](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/best-practices.html#Selecting-Elements) of Cypress is to use `data-*` attribute to provide context to selectors, but we prefer to use element ID instead.
   - If element ID is not present in the webapp, you may add it in `camelCase` form with human readable name (e.g. `<div id='sidebarTitle'>`). Watch out for potential breaking changes in the snapshot of the unit testing.  Run `make test` to see if all are passing, and run `npm run updatesnapshot` or `npm run test -- -u` if necessary to update snapshot testing.

> 2. Add commands or shortcuts to `/e2e/cypress/support/commands.js` (e.g. `toAccountSettingsModal`) that makes it easier to access a page, section, modal and etc. by simply using it as `cy.toAccountSettingsModal()`.

Author: Not related but fix to update E2E docs

> 2. Add commands or shortcuts to `/e2e/cypress/support/commands.js` (e.g. `toAccountSettingsModal`) that makes it easier to access a page, section, modal and etc. by simply using it as `cy.toAccountSettingsModal()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add commands or shortcuts to `/e2e/cypress/support/commands.js` (e.g. `toAccountSettingsModal`) that make it easier to access a page, section, modal and `/etc` by using it as `cy.toAccountSettingsModal()`.
```
Not sure whether this is referring to /etc or "etc" as in "and so on"?

Author: It's the latter. Should I change it to "and so on"?

Author: Fix per comment, thanks @justinegeffen

    ```javascript
    describe('Test description', () => {
       before(() => {
           // Use "cy.requireLicenseForFeature" if the test requires a certain licensed feature
           cy.requireLicenseForFeature('GuestAccounts');

           // Otherwise use "cy.requireLicense" to check if server has license in general

>            cy.requireLicense();

Author: Not related but fix to update E2E docs

       }
    }
    ```

6. Refer to [this pull request](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/pull/3020/files) as a guide on how to write and submit an end-to-end testing PR.

### Adding test metadata on spec files
Test metadata is used to identify each spec file ahead of time before it is forwarded for Cypress run. Currently, supported test metadata are the following:

> 1. "Stage" - an environment for testing, e.g. `@prod`, `@smoke`, `@pull_request`. "Stage" metadata is owned and controlled by QA team who carefully analyze stability of test and promote/demote into a certain stage. This is not required when submitting a spec file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. "Stage" - indicates environment for testing, e.g. `@prod`, `@smoke`, `@pull_request`. "Stage" metadata is owned and controlled by QA team who carefully analyze stability of test and promote/demote into a certain stage. This is not required when submitting a spec file.
```

Author: Thanks, updated.

> 2. "Group" - means of grouping tests which are primarily based from tabs of Release testing spreadsheet, e.g. `@account_setting` for Account Setting, `@messaging` for Messaging, etc., or could have a different name depending on how the team decide to group a set of tests. This is required when submitting a spec file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. "Group" - indicates test group or category, which is primarily based on functional areas and existing release testing groups, e.g. `@account_settings` for Account Settings, `@messaging` for Messaging, etc. This is required when submitting a spec file.
```

Author: Thanks, updated.
